Clarification and minor addition to ICMP PTB text (#2108)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

(e.g., IPv6 Packet Too Big messages) that indicate when a packet is dropped
because it is larger than the local router MTU. DPLPMTUD can also optionally use
these messages.  This use of ICMP messages is potentially vulnerable to off-path

> attacks that successfully guess the connection's 4-tuple and reduce the PMTU to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
attacks that successfully guess the addresses used on the path and reduce the PMTU to
```

Author: Do you think that "addresses" implies UDP port numbers as well as IP addresses?

Reviewer: We've used it elsewhere in that way, so yes.
